---
layout: article
title: June 2023 Updates
article_header:
  type: cover
  image:
    src: 
---

# Sarasija's Success at the AIAA Flow Visualization Showcase

In June 2023, we are excited to announce that Sarasija has achieved a remarkable feat at the AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics) Flow Visualization Showcase during the AIAA Aviation event. Sarasija's outstanding work stood out in the most pedagogical and comprehensive flow visualization categories, earning her prestigious recognition.

We congratulate Sarasija on this well-deserved achievement, reflecting her dedication and flow visualization expertise.

# Abhishek's Presentation on Fluid Flow Simulations

During the AIAA Aviation meeting in June 2023, Abhishek presented his groundbreaking work on a finite volume space-time framework for fluid flow simulations. Abhishek's research represents a significant advancement in fluid dynamics and computational simulations.

We commend Abhishek for his exceptional contribution to the conference and for pushing the boundaries of our understanding of fluid flow simulations.

# Sarasija's Presentation on Compressible Dynamic Stall

At the same AIAA Aviation meeting in June 2023, Sarasija showcased her research on compressible dynamic stalls. Her presentation provided valuable insights into this complex aerodynamic phenomenon, furthering our knowledge of aeronautics.

We applaud Sarasija for her research dedication and impactful presentation at the conference.

These achievements highlight the dedication and expertise of our team members, and we look forward to continued excellence in our research endeavors.

